In the last lecture, you learned how Angular encapsulates your styles,
now you can override this encapsulation though. If you go back to your code, to the server element
component, you can add something to the @component decorator,
it's called encapsulation, this property and there as a value, you can access ViewEncapsulation which
needs to be imported from @angular/core, so make sure to add this import and then you can choose between
three modes.
Emulated is the default,
so you don't need to add this, none if you add this would make sure that if we have a look at our component
again and we inspect our server element, that now in here, we don't see these strange attributes being
added to our elements.
Therefore, this component now does not use view encapsulation.
The other components still will use it,
there you still see these attributes
but if you now define any styles for this component in the CSS file of this component, they will actually
get applied globally and I can demonstrate this by going into this CSS file and if I change the label
color and the label is in the cockpit, not in this component, to red, now you will see the label there
is overwritten
whilst this label of course still has its custom unique attribute, it still is a label in the end
and in this server element component, we disable encapsulation.
So there our selectors aren't changed by Angular,
they don't receive their unique selector, therefore they are enforced,
they are used application-wide, also affecting other components. Might be the behavior you want,
chances are that this is not the case but it's important to know that you can change this behavior.
Now besides none, you also could choose native and native uses
the shadow DOM technology.
This should give you the same result as before with emulated but only in browsers which support it which
is why for most cases, you want to choose emulated but be aware that you could switch to none or native
here too.
So I will go back to emulated which again you wouldn't have to add, it's the default anyways, with that
our labels should no longer be red now.
So that is how you can change it and how view encapsulation works,
a nice tool ensuring that by default, only your component receives the styles you defined for it
but as you learned, it can be overwritten